# August 27, 2025
today , I created my first GitHub account and respitory. I'm excited to start using GitHub for my projects !
# September 2, 2025
my thoughts on the new cell phone use poloicy is that it's useless. I don't have any problem with adjusting with it but others do, there are lots of instances where we might need ourt phones. An example would be like what if there is and emergency and the school phone is down or they cant reach them in time, having our phone and just being able to contact our parents would be faster and more efficient. There are lots of other instances where we might need our phones aswell and there are a lot of people teachers and students that agree with this. The bill even affects teachers because some of their classes were centered on using cellular devices to connect to things like apps. The evidencve i provided helps prove how the phone ban does more harm than good. 
# september 8, 2025
a career i would like to do is become a computer scientiist, i chose to do this course to become one. Since i was in middle school ive been trying to figure out what i want to do with my future but ive chose computer science. Although,i would like to write stories and type as a career too. 
# september 22, 2025
I think that working in a virtual store can be a good idea as long as youre getting money. earning 61 dollars for just working in an online store without having to get up for a real one can have lots of benefits like if you can't make it to the actual store. 
# september 15, 2025
a good use of AI could be to make it to where students can pitch different ideas to an AI program that they might not have the materials to do and have it create it. This idea meets the requirements becasue it shows an idea that student can use oout of the benefit of AI. The idea could help people by getting to see their ideas live on a screen instead of being left thinking about what it could be. 
# october 27, 2025
some technology that could help the people would be a tracker for after the storm. The tracker could help them discover people who could have gotten lost in the storm.This tool coould help prevent the amount of people missing and save the ives of thousands if used correctly.If i could make a new pience of technology it would be a weather preventer to stop certain weather or prevent it as much as possible.I feel that would help with current situations.
# november 3, 2025
The SNAP program running out of funnding is bad because the program is how a lot of people get food.The people who might most get affected would be the people using the program to get grocceries and provide food for themselves and their family.Technology could help this problem by making other programs that work the same as SNAP so the families affected can still get fed.Some chalenges with this could be the fact some of those families don't have internet and have no acces to technology. If i was the desinger i would develop a webste for families to sign up and get free food delivered to their homes if they are unable to provide for themselves.
# october 14, 2025 
https://www.canva.com/design/DAG3sij3YMU/VvnGhwm4MTLPpkmkwUywlQ/edit?utm_content=DAG3sij3YMU&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton   my prompt was made to help make the periodic table easier to read for 5th graders just now learning the periodic table.Canva understood my task of making the poster colorful and easy to understand and read.The part that looked really well was the colorful end of the table.The part that didn't come out as expected would be the design at the bbottom and the top. The design could improve by being more specific in my description and givig more detail.Being good at prompts can leas to good futures because being able to follow instructions is a good skill to have in life.
# december 1, 2025
there are lot's of ways drones take place in multiple jobs.  A job that requires drone use would be a visual inspection technician. The salary for that job varies from $40,000 to $60,000 dollars athough, there is potential to reach a salary of $90,000 with experience. certifications to do this job would be a high school diploma or a GED,but you would also need on job training if you want to do certain parts of this job. Personally i wouldn't want to cdo this job because drones isn't something i would want to do 
# december 8, 2025 
The self-driving car might've failed to see the school bus because the stop sign might be a smaller object and the car might not have seen it. Or the program for the car was messed up and isn't able to understand the concept of buses reaching out their stop sign. Ai can never fully be trusted when on the road or almost anywhere because there's always room for errors in somethig man made. If i was a programmer for this company I would make the software become more aware of things on the road, the software would have special built in censors to sense the stop sign. A fix to this issue could be to go into the software and make sure it is aware of the stop signs then run a test of some cars before selling them.
# december 15, 2025
my plans for winter break are to go to California and visit my mom's side of the family and spend a week over there. The second week me and my family are going to come back home becuase my mom has work and we'll get ready for school again.
